Calendar 400% zoom fixes (#4683)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/components/src/DatePicker/_docs/DatePicker.mdx

<Canvas of={DatePickerStories.DisabledDays} />
<Controls of={DatePickerStories.DisabledDays} />

### Responsive behaviour

> To ensure calendar content is accessibility across multiple viewports and satisfy the [content reflow](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) spec in WCAG guidelines, the `DatePicker`'s popover will scroll when not enough space is available. The main case for this is to assist users on 400% zoom and ensure content is not visually lost below the fold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure calendar content is accessible across multiple viewports and satisfy the [content reflow](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html) spec in WCAG guidelines, the `DatePicker`'s popover will scroll when there is not enough space available. The main case for this is to assist users on 400% zoom and ensure content is not visually lost below the fold.
```
